docs(MADR): zone to global policy sync (#8427)
kumahq/kuma: docs/madr/decisions/032-zone-to-global-policy-sync.md

  Application developers don't need to be aware that there was any standalone to multizone migration. From their perspective
  the workflow stays the same. Standalone mode can be abolished, CP is Zone by default even if there is no connection to Global.
* Policies take effect in the cluster where they were applied

### Negative Consequences

* Still have to use `kumactl` with access to Global when user wants to change client's outbounds in another Zone

## Pros and Cons of the Options

### Apply policies on Zone CP, scope is bounded to a single zone

Users apply policies on Zone CP and Kuma automatically adds `kuma.io/zone` tag to the top-level targetRefs before syncing
these policies to Global. For example, when user creates a policy in `us-east` zone:

```yaml
type: MeshTimeout
mesh: mesh-1
name: t-1
labels: # not implemented today, requires Postgres schema 
  kuma.io/managed-by: zone
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: MeshService
    name: backend
  to: [...]
```

Kuma automatically converts this to:

```yaml
type: MeshTimeout
mesh: mesh-1
name: t-1
labels: # not implemented today, requires Postgres schema 

>   kuma.io/managed-by: zone

Reviewer: should that be the zone name?

Author: We don't want to force users to create templates with `{{ zoneName }}` if they need pretty much the same policy for different zones. That was @johnharris85 suggestion, I kind of agree with it.

Author: Also, we're going to add `kuma.io/zone` tag automatically to the top-level targetRef.

spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: MeshServiceSubset
    name: backend
    tags:
      kuma.io/zone: us-east
  to: [...]
```

This conversion is visible inside the Zone store (so it happens **not** in Zone CP memory).
If users provide a policy with a correct `kuma.io/zone` tag then no additional conversion is required, but we have to
validate that zone tag is matching the zone's name. The actual security check is happening on Global but validation is
helpful to prevent unexpected behaviour.

If users apply a policy on a zone without a `kuma.io/managed-by: zone` label then Zone CP returns an error saying
"if you want to apply a policy on the zone please add `kuma.io/managed-by: zone` label".

> This measure is going to prevent users form unintentionally applying policies at the wrong place.

Reviewer: Is the label explicitly added by the user or it's automatically added by a webhook?

Author: The idea here is to prevent users from applying things in the wrong place. They probably got used to the fact Zone CP returns an error if you unintentionally run `kubectl apply` against a zone. By requiring the `kuma.io/managed-by: zone` label we're making sure their desire is intentional. So we're **not** going to automate it with a webhook.

Besides policies with top level targetRef we also have MeshGateway and MeshGatewayRoute resources.
During the resource creation Zone CP will append `kuma.io/zone` tag to MeshGateway listeners and MeshGatewayRoute selectors.

Syncing Zone originated policies to Global is needed only for visibility in GUI.

> During the implementation it's important to pay attention to policies not be synced from Global to Zone if they're

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the implementation it's important to pay attention to not sync policies from Global to Zone if they're
```
